hello welcome back to my channel I'm
going to jump right into this in this
tutorial I will be using the new Bellamy
Andre clip in extensions in the color
platinum and lavender I'm going to start
by clipping in the extensions from the
bottom up the first color I'm going to
be placing is the Platinum this weft has
four clips so I start off by clipping in
the middle ones and then I work my way
to each side I think it's easier this
way and what I love about these new
extensions is that I can change up my
look without having to actually dye my
hair it also gives me length and volume
so the next color that I will be
clipping in is the color lavender I'm
also using the weft with four clips I
like to use the large ones on the bottom
and the smaller ones towards the top so
I'm just gonna be alternated between the
platinum and lavender and these are the
220 grams 22 inches in the color 18 it
comes with a total of 10 West and that's
2 4 clips to 3 clips to 2 clips and for
one clip that's a lot of hair guys and
just in case you're wondering you don't
necessarily need both colors for this
look you can go ahead and use just the
lavender extensions the reason I use
both was because I wanted you to see
both colors to have options in case
you're interested in these ombre
extensions I will include my discount
code in the description box for those
who would like to purchase some of these
ok so moving on this is how the hair
looks like when you're done clipping in
all the west's and I did not clip in
both sets because that would have been
too much hair I only clipped in about
half of each set so off-camera I sprayed
the protect me thermal styling spray by
Bellamy now I'm going to start by
curling my hair using a 25 millimeter
wand from my 6 and 1 curling set also by
Bellamy I've done a video before where I
explain a little more in details how I
curl my hair so for this video I will
just fast forward this section and let
you watch just remember to curl away
from the face so that the waves go
outward on each side and I'm also not
curling the ends of my hair I went a
little crazy and bought a few things
from Bellamy so I wanted to include as
much as I could in this video so
originally I wanted
this video to include a few different
hairstyles using the extensions but
unfortunately my camera was out of focus
for part of the video so I had to cut
those out anyway if there's a specific
look or hairstyle you would like to see
here on my channel please comment down
below and I will record that for you
guys
so here museum bio still care therapy
oil and control me hair spray by Bellamy
my hair is pretty good at holding up so
I don't spray too much I've noticed that
on day one my hair is soft and a little
flat so I feel like the hair spray gives
it a little bit more texture you see how
easy is the hair look I think there's so
much volume
ok just to switch up the look just a
little bit I am going to part my hair in
the middle and straighten the ends using
a straightener I will be grabbing about
an inch or two if you go a little bit
higher that's totally fine so just
repeat that all throughout the hair and
this will give you more of a beachy wave
look instead of that wave and curl look
that I had in the previous look so this
completes the look I hope you guys enjoy
the video if you did give it a thumbs up
and I will talk to you in my next video
bye
you